Ladson Steel Motion Sensor Rubbish Bin

£69.99

Conventional dustbins require the user to touch them with their hand or foot to open them, which is both inconvenient and unhygienic. This automatic opening dustbin, based on infrared technology, solves this problem. Simply wave your hand above the infrared panel and the lid will open automatically, dispose of the rubbish, and within a few seconds, it will close again automatically. The automatic opening and closing control system consists of a computer chip, an infrared detecting device, a mechanical transmitting device, and an electrical drive system. It is a high-performance device, which is low in energy consumption and will give a long service life.
Features
Please find a troubleshooting list regarding the sensor bins. Issues with sensor bins can be caused by a variety of factors so please can I ask you to check the following: Please ensure that the clear film has been removed from the sensor area. Please ensure that the batteries used are of a quality brand and are in place securely inside of the compartment. If these are inserted incorrectly or are loose this can cause problems with the function of the bin. Please ensure that the product is turned on with the main switch on the back of the lid. When the product is switched on correctly please wait approximately 10 seconds before trying to use it. If the bin lid is working correctly, the red light should flash every 7-10 seconds. If you still are experiencing issues with your product, please remove the batteries for 24 hours to allow the system to completely reset. This normally will resolve most problems with the sensor unit on the bin. We recommend that the batteries are removed for 24 hours to ensure that the charge from the batteries which is stored in the microchip is completely depleted. This is so that the sensor can be restored to factory settings. Note: The lid will not work with sudden movements, the sensors are designed to operate with slow assured movements.
The batteries on all bin sizes and colours are not included
Item is battery operated. Requires 4 x D batteries


Dimensions
Overall
30.5cm W X 30.5cm D
Overall Product Weight
5kg
The overall height when the lid is up to the 50L capacity is 106.5cm and 86.5cm when the lid is closed

Features
Product Type
Rubbish bin
Intended Use
Residential
Primary Material
Steel
Lid Included
Yes
Slow Close Lid
Yes
Opening Mechanism
Motion Sensor
Odour Seal
Yes
Overall Shape
Round
Removable Lid
Yes
Assembly
Assembly Required
No