6 Pair Shoe Rack

£47.99 was £51.99 8% Off
On Sale

In many apartments, the corridor isn't very large, making it difficult to place the storage you need. In order to create a neat and stylish area for your shoes and bags, you need a helping hand in choosing the right interior design for space-saving and tasteful furniture - like this industrial shoe bench. Comes in full play this piece of furniture is predestined to be a shoe bench in the hallway to create order. But other rooms can also make use of this flexible shelf - place it next to your sofa in the living room for potted plants, newspapers, or a cup of coffee. Use it as a practical bench seat in your work area and stow your tools on the sturdy piece of furniture (max. Load up to 90 kg) - due to its compact size, this shoe rack also fits into a walk-in closet to get the shoe chaos under control. There are a number of ideas and uses for this shoe bench. Inspire us and other people with your ingenuity and post your photos in the reviews. Package contents: 1x shoe bench, 1x accessory kit, 1x instruction notes. Children are not allowed to climb or stand on the product kids under 6 years old should use it with adult supervision. For daily maintenance, wipe the product with a damp cloth. The product is intended for indoor use only.
What's Included?
Shelf/Shelves
Features
Beautiful curves: This shoe bench enhances your home with its rustic-toned surface, rounded corners, and curved steel frame - no sharp corners.
Everywhere scrambles for it: The space-saving shelf is not only suitable for small entrance areas, but it can also offer additional storage space in the living room or garage, perhaps it can even be used as a clever addition to a walk-in closet.
Stilettos, trainers, and sandals: Up to 6 pairs of shoes fit on the two mesh shelves of this shoe rack on the surface, and you can comfortably place your handbag.
A stable perch for waiting for someone: With a load capacity of up to 90 kg, this unit is also perfect as a bench seat, so putting on your shoes doesn't become a balancing act. The specially designed plastic feet are also extremely robust and protect your floor from scratches.
Not satisfied yet the assembly of this shoe rack is easy and our professional customer service always has an open ear for you. So don't hesitate and add this flexible piece of furniture to your home.
Natural Variation

Natural Wood Grain Color Variation
  (No item has the same grain colour, finish, or wood knots due to natural factors)

Dimensions
Overall
45cm H X 66cm W X 30cm D
Shelf
66cm W X 30cm D
Overall Product Weight
6kg
Shelf Height - Top to Bottom
16.5cm H

Features
Primary Material
Metal; Manufactured wood
Finish
Rustic Brown/Black
Individual Shoe Cubby Holes
No
Number of Shoes
6
Shelves Included
Yes
Drawers Included
No
Natural Variation Type
Natural Wood Grain Color Variation